Welcome to the Stabilize wiki!

The Stabilize Protocol is a decentralized finance application designed to help keep stablecoins and BTC proxy-tokens <!-- added hyphen for consecutive adjectives -->prices stable by rewarding depositors with STBZ tokens and by using active strategies to balance coin demand. Users have the option to swap pools manually to achieve a higher rate of reward or deposit into the active strategies that swap tokens on their behalf.

The team actively monitors the latest developments in stablecoin advances and plans to integrate those that can help bring more value to the platform.

Unlike other yield farming platforms, Stabilize benefits <!-- made this sentence stronger -->the entire DeFi ecosystem as a whole by bringing stability to stablecoins.

## Overview

### What is the problem?
Stablecoins are cryptocurrencies designed to be pegged to or float near fiat currencies. This gives traders and savers comfort knowing the value of these coins in the real world will be the same tomorrow as it is today. This is the goal of stablecoins, but sometimes is not the reality. In reality, stablecoins sometimes go off their peg for an extended period of time due to fluctuations in demand and supply<!-- fluctuation in issues sounds weird -->. This fluctuation causes headaches <!-- specified "what" after this. used plural for headaches since paragraph refers to traders and savers-->for those who depend on the stability of their stablecoins for everyday usage.

### How is Stabilize the solution?
The Stabilize protocol currently has two types of pools: ZS pools and ZPA pools. In ZS pools, active arbitrage and trading strategies are used to provide sell pressure on stablecoins above their peg and buy pressure on stablecoins below their peg, stabilizing prices and generating profit for users. 
In ZPA pools, the yield of each pool changes according to the stablecoin price of that pool, but depositors must manually switch pools to earn higher yield (which provides stabilizing pressure on the stablecoins in the protocol). <!-- zs pools use trading strategies but what to do zpa pools do? only their yield is mentioned, not their strategy -->

Unique to Stabilize is the fact that these pools are not liquidity pools but rather stablecoin pools. Thus, depositors are protected from impermanent loss. Initially, there will be one liquidity pool on Stabilize: the STBZ/ETH 50:50 Uniswap pool.

### Tokenomics
Rewards will start distributing September 29th, 2020 at 00:00 UTC. During the first year, it is expected that 1 million STBZ tokens will be minted to protocol users. There are no VC investors and no presales of STBZ. After the first year, there will be constant inflation rate of new tokens minted that will be offset by a new per-transaction burn rate. The initial inflation rate is 1%, and the burn rate is to be determined. The first year minting rate is below:

* Week 1: 76,000 STBZ
* Week 2: 57,000 STBZ
* Week 3: 38,000 STBZ
* Week 4: 19,000 STBZ
* Week 5–52: 16,875 STBZ

The pools have unequal allocation of tokens with the STBZ/ETH pool receiving 50% of all new tokens initially and the other pools splitting the rest based on their price relative to $1.

Only during the first year, the development team will receive 1% of tokens minted, after which it will decrease to 0%. Initial liquidity from the team is locked on Unicrypt for one year. The team will use dev funds generated from the protocol for maintenance and services, such as audits.<!-- "use dev funds generated from the protocol to maintain it" sounded awkward -->

### Long term usage of STBZ

STBZ is currently used in a few ways:

1. STBZ holders can stake their tokens in the STBZ-only staking pools, which allows them to earn a percentage of the profits generated by the protocol
2. STBZ tokens are used for governance
3. STBZ can be burned into the treasury to receive a proportional share of the funds inside
<!-- can you stake the token and also use the same token for governance? i know you answer this question later, but someone is going to ask right now-->
### Security

The development team takes security very seriously<!-- your funds and your rewards sounded weird since this wiki doesn't refer to you until now -->. Although most of the code is audited and battle-tested <!-- please ignore my change if it makes this statement untrue -->, the team plans to dedicate a portion of its funds for smart contract reviews and audits. 
Many protocols give the development team full control over minting their reward token. This is a security risk because at any time, the developers can mint infinite tokens and destroy all liquidity pools for that token. In the Stabilize protocol, the smart contract controls the minting rate and the only thing the development team can do is decrease it. In addition, all governance functions are controlled by a 24 hour timelock. This gives depositors enough time to make a decision to stay in the protocol or not.
The pools reward rates are dictated by their USD prices. This can be updated every six hours. Unlike other protocols that use the development team as the source for real world data, Stabilize uses on-chain decentralized price oracles powered by Chainlink and Aave to access this data. These price oracles are resistant to flash crashes and manipulation.

Functions that keep the protocol running (pool rebalancing and new week minting) can be called by anyone, not just the development team.

* Price Oracle Address: 0xB54e7175db55D0Effcc974f146b3714910907A58
* Token Address: 0xB987D48Ed8f2C468D52D6405624EADBa5e76d723
* Operator Address: 0xEe9156C93ebB836513968F92B4A67721f3cEa08a

## Liquidity Providers
<!-- since this section is more instructional than declarative, "you" is okay-->
A liquidity provider is anyone that has deposited `STBZ` and `ETH` into the Uniswap liquidity pool. Liquidity providers can further stake their tokens in the `STBZ/ETH UNI LP POOL` to earn a large percentage of the STBZ rewards. 

### How to Become a Liquidity Provider

You can become a liquidity provider either through the Uniswap Liquidity Pool or the Zerion LP Interface:

Uniswap liquidity:
https://uniswap.info/pair/0xDB28312a8d26D59978D9B86cA185707B1A26725b

Zerion LP Interface:
https://app.zerion.io/invest/pools-10/UNI-V2-0xdb28312a8d26d59978d9b86ca185707b1a26725b

### LP Tokens

When you deposit into the LP pool, you should notice that you have received `STBZ-ETH` in return. These are LP Tokens, and they represent your share of the underlying tokens in the liquidity pool. After you receive LP Tokens, you can stake them in the STBZ/ETH UNI LP POOL to earn STBZ rewards.

At any time, you can return LP Tokens to the liquidity pool to withdraw your share of the underlying STBZ and ETH. LP Tokens are transferrable between accounts, and you do not need to be the person that deposited the underlying tokens in order to withdraw them; whoever has LP Tokens has the right to withdraw the underlying token. 

## Executors

Executor incentives make the active trading process more streamlined and profitable.  Executors are people that are rewarded for executing trades on behalf of depositors at the right time. 

### What is an executor?

An executor is any person that triggers a trade, by calling the above function in the strategy, on behalf of the depositors in the pool. Anyone can be an executor. Executors earn a percentage of the trade profit, starting at 10%.

A successful executor is one that is profitable and knows when to trigger trades that will give him/her profit that is greater than the gas cost of triggering those trades. To do that, he/she must monitor the pool’s composition, price spread between tokens and Ethereum gas price to calculate profitability. The executor can also periodically query the helper view function on the strategy shown below to determine when to trade:

While on most yield earning protocols, there exists one strategist that must monitor and earn a percentage of the trading fees, we at Stabilize decided to make the process more open and reward anyone that has the ability to monitor the market a piece of profit from our strategy profits.

### How to become an executor:

The easiest way to start is the develop an off-chain bot that monitors the strategy continuously. This bot would query the expectedProfit function which returns wei units (10¹⁸ wei = 1 USD / BTC), calculate its own expected profit (10% of the expected profit) then calculate the gas cost based on current gas prices. If the profit is greater than the gas costs, the bot would create a transaction to executeSwapTokens with its own address as the parameter to receive its percent of profit. The bot will also set a minimum seconds since the last trade to limit its gas cost in case someone else beats it to the trade.

In the end, the executor will make continuous profit, trading depositors funds at the right times and depositors will make the best compound interest possible as their funds are traded at the most profitable times. It is important to note that the contract itself doesn’t allow for trading at a loss. 

Trade executors can earn 10% profit off each trade by timing the trade at the right time. The expectedProfit(bool inWETHForExecutor) function now includes a boolean that allows executors to see their WETH profit from the next prospective trade, instead of total profit (in tokens) for the trade.

STBZ holders also benefit as some funds are siphoned to both the treasury and the staking pool too.

## Governance

https://snapshot.page/#/stabilize

The development team will navigate the early path for the protocol, but once bootstrapped, the community will control the protocol. Various methods of control could be changing important aspects of the protocol such as the burn rate, the emission rate, and what new token pools are accepted. STBZ holders can develop a system that rewards token holders for providing liquidity to new stablecoin projects to further promote the usage of stablecoins.

Anyone can make a proposal via the Snapshot page. When the proposal is live, community members can then vote with their STBZ tokens to make a real impact on important decisions in the protocol.

Soon, users will be able to vote even if their stbz tokens are currently locked in staking pools!


## How it works

Stabilize.finance offers a variety of pools and wrappers which differ in makeup and strategy. 

## Pools

### Liquidity Pool

### ZPA Pools

ZPA pools are manually operated. First, depositors wrap their stablecoins in one of the ZPA wrappers on the "Wrap" page to receive zpa-tokens. ZPA wrappers are integrated with AAVE lending pools and earn interest. Users can then deposit the received zpa-tokens into the associated zpa pool on the "Pools" page.

The protocol will automatically adjust the APR on each of the ZPA pools in accordance with how close the stablecoin is to its peg. Stablecoins that are above their peg will have a lower APR to incentivize users to trade them for a stablecoin that is below its peg, thus generating stabilizing pressure. Likewise, stablecoins below their peg will have a higher APR.

**APRs are adjusted every time the "REBALANCE POOL REWARDS" button is hit. This button can only be hit once every 6 hours**

### ZS Pools

With ZPA pools, users must manually change pools they are in to earn the highest reward rates. However, this can be challenging with ethereum's high gas fees. ZS pools offer depositors a new option to earn on their stablecoins without having to manually switch pools and save gas. **ZS pools use active trading strategies** to automatically take advantage of price differences between the stablecoins to earn more for depositors and STBZ holders.

Tokens in ZS pools are sold against each other using Uniswap to increase the total amount of tokens in the pool. Currently, the active pools trade upon wrapping and unwrapping when certain parameters are met. They also trade when executors execute trades.

To provide benefit for the Stabilize community, a percentage of the profit from each trade will be converted to WETH and split between the Stabilize treasury and STBZ staking pool.

The APY posted on the zs wrappers is an estimate based on historic performance of the strategy. The strategy doesn’t earn continuously. It only gains when there is trading activity. This means if you wrap into a strategy and unwrap before a trade takes place, the balance you redeem will be the same as what you put in, regardless of how long you were in the strategy.


#### Getting started
To start using ZS pools, simply wrap your stablecoins in a ZS wrapper found [here](https://www.stabilize.finance/app/wrap/). You will receive a certain amount of zs-tokens which represents your share in the stablecoin strategy.

To redeem your share of tokens back, just unwrap the zs token, and you will receive a certain amount of tokens back. You will receive **whichever asset has the largest balance first (i.e. the lowest priced asset) then other assets sorted by their decreasing balance.** However, **the total quantity of tokens redeemed will never be smaller than what you put in**.  To swap redeemed stablecoins for any other (stable)coin, just simply go to Curve.fi, 1inch, or Uniswap.


In a given zs wrapper, **all deposited tokens are considered equal in value to each other**. 


It is important to note that **in ZS pools, users are exposed to risk from every asset in the pool**. Because the pool will consistently try to trade for more of the lowest priced asset, if a coin in a ZS pool starts to fall <!-- changed to fall since i'm not sure what it means for a coin to fail -->or lose significant value, the funds in the pool could also lose significant value. However it is possible to halt trades in one of these pools if necessary via dev action or community proposal.

Because ZS pools are slightly riskier than ZPA pools, the proportion of STBZ rewards they receive is higher. 

#### zs-FRAX

FRAX is a novel type of stablecoin that is partially backed by collateral, currently USDC. It combines both algorithmic stabilization factors, similar to seigniorage tokens, via its Frax Share token (FXS) with an additional collateral backing. This gives it more stability than most seigniorage tokens yet offers some protection from market effects caused by collateral collapse.

The team at Stabilize has developed a way to both help promote the peg of FRAX while earning via natural price variability around its peg. 

**The Stabilize strategy**

In the zs-FRAX pool, users wrap FRAX into an arbitrage strategy. The strategy looks at the difference in price between FRAX and USDC. It will continuously swap the higher valued asset for the lowered valued one. This will increase the overall amount of tokens earned by the strategy. Also, this will help normalize the price of FRAX to match that of USDC, a relatively stable stablecoin. In the long run, it will help decrease the volatility of the pair.

When redeeming, users will first get back FRAX then USDC if the strategy doesn’t have enough FRAX. This means if you deposit 1000 FRAX to get zs-FRAX, when you redeem your zs-FRAX, you will get back either at least 1000 FRAX, 1000 USDC or a combination of both.


#### Seigniorage (zs-SGR & zs-BMSGR)

Currently most stablecoins in existence remain stable via their connection to an asset. This can be a real world asset such as USD with USDT and USDC, a cryptocurrency asset such as ETH with DAI or a synthetic asset with sUSD. These type of stablecoin systems have shown resilience over the years but are still vulnerable if the assets they are linked to fall or if they lose their connection to the assets. Seigniorage tokens are a new type of stablecoin that tries to remain stable around their peg without needing to be asset-backed.

##### What is a seigniorage token?

Seigniorage tokens are tokens that increase or decrease their supply based on the token price determined by a price oracle. When the price is above the target price, the token DAO mints new tokens to DAO participants, LP providers and coupon holders, hence why these tokens are called seigniorage, where governance receives <!-- receive is more formal than gets -->the minting tax. As the supply increases, the price is expected to drop.

When the price is below the target price, the token DAO makes available coupons or bonds that can be purchased with tokens at a discount. The tokens are then burned to decrease the supply. As the supply decreases, the price is expected to rebound. Coupons have expiration dates so they are the riskiest part of the process but also the most important. It can almost go without saying that these tokens are experimental, so exercise caution before getting involved.

Unlike other dynamic supply tokens (i.e. rebasing), wallet balances for seigniorage tokens do not change in amount unless you participate in the DAO thus giving peace of mind to passive holders. We at Stabilize see promise in these type of tokens.

**Wrap your seigniorage tokens to earn in both expansion and contraction**

Since Stabilize is a platform to help promote the peg of stablecoins, seigniorage tokens benefit as well<!-- there was no we in the first clause, so i removed it from the second clause -->. Because these tokens can have wild price swings above and below their target pegs, the strategy takes advantage and profits from these swings. In this strategy, depositors can earn in both expansion and contraction phases.

**zs-SGR**

Depositors can wrap three different types of seigniorage tokens into the interest earning zs-SGR tokens. These tokens are ESD, DSD, and BAC. In this strategy, when deposited, **the tokens are considered equal in value to each other**. Tokens are then sold against each other using Uniswap to increase the total amount of tokens.

To redeem your share of tokens back, just unwrap zs-SGR, and you will receive a certain amount of seigniorage tokens back, **in whichever asset has the largest balance first then other assets sorted by their decreasing balance.** This means if you deposit 1000 ESD to get zs-SGR, when you redeem your zs-SGR back for seigniorage tokens; if DSD has the largest balance, you will redeem DSD first. However, the total quantity of tokens redeemed will never be smaller than what you put in, so you will get back at least 1000 seigniorage tokens in this example. To swap redeemed tokens for any other coin, just simply go to Uniswap.

**zs-BMSGR**

zs-BMSGR is identical to zs-SGR in strategy, except that the tokens in the pool are BAC & MIC. 


#### ZS-USD

##### Wrap your stablecoins into zs-USD
Depositors can wrap four different types of stablecoins into the interest earning zs-USD tokens. Those stablecoins are USDC, DAI, USDT and sUSD. In this strategy, **the tokens are considered equal in value to each other** when deposited. Tokens are then sold against each other using Curve.fi (arbitrage) to increase the total amount of tokens in the pool.

For example, if sUSD is worth more than DAI in the pool, the strategy will sell a certain amount of sUSD into DAI, which will result in a greater amount of stablecoins in the strategy. If the next day, DAI is valued more than sUSD, the strategy will sell a certain amount of DAI into sUSD, thus causing another increase in the total number of stablecoins in the strategy again.

As this process repeats upon deposits and withdraws, the zs-USD strategy will help depositors earn interest on their deposit without needing to manually switch pools and Stabilize will bring more stability to stablecoin prices by selling overpriced coins and holding under-priced ones until they become overpriced.

The zs-USD strategy is a bit different than your average vault-strategy. Instead of farming other protocols and selling their governance tokens for profit, this strategy uses real trading techniques to benefit depositors and the crypto ecosystem as a whole. 


##### Security considerations
As hacks and exploits have become very common in this space, the team has taken special precautions to protect depositors against the most common types. We have incorporated mechanisms in the zs-USD strategy that were inspired by postmortems of other protocols’ hacks.

The main concern is vulnerability to flash loans. The zs-USD contract has specifically two protections against flash loan exploits. The first protection is that the strategy prevents contracts from depositing and redeeming in the same transaction, which is how flash loans operate. Secondly, the strategy will not trade when activated by a smart contract, thusly limiting the opportunity for external protocol manipulation (such as draining the Curve pool).

Another concern is re-entrancy attacks and malicious user input. All tokens in the zs-USD strategy are whitelisted to avoid arbitrary code execution. The entry points for user input are checked for sanity to prevent unexpected behavior. In addition, the strategy utilizes a re-entrancy guard for unforeseen edge cases.

Finally, when the strategy does arbitrage trading to increase its total stablecoin balance, it checks to make sure the trades are profitable and will revert the transaction if they will not be. This assures that all trades provide a positive return.

#### zs-BTC

zs-BTC is a pool for pegged BTC tokens. It functions identically to zs-usd, except that it pools renBTC, wBTC, and sBTC.

### Treasury

As mentioned previously, all withdrawal fees go directly into the treasury contract. STBZ holders can redeem these funds with their STBZ tokens. They will simply burn their tokens into the treasury to receive a proportional amount of treasury funds compared to the circulating supply. Circulating supply is defined as all STBZ tokens outside the Stabilize Protocol operator contract.
For example, if I have 500 STBZ tokens and the circulating supply is 10,000, I have 5% of the circulating supply. If the treasury contains 100,000 USDC, I will be able to redeem 5,000 USDC by burning my 500 tokens. This will make STBZ an asset-backed token whose value is beyond its speculative price.

#### Gas Treasury

In addition to the normal treasury, there is a special treasury called the Gas Treasury

### STBZ Staking Pool

A percentage of profits from trades and withdrawals is sent to the STBZ staking pool as rewards for STBZ holders

## Private Transactions

The Stabilize Protocol is introducing a new way for stablecoin depositors to store their coins. By utilizing the Tornado protocol, users can benefit from private transactions, which are transactions that disconnect the sender address from the receiver address. When a user withdraws from a Stabilize account, observers would be unable to determine what his/her balance would be inside the account.

This allows depositors to benefit from something they normally get in the real world: private balances. In the real world, when you give someone money, it is not possible for that person to easily determine your remaining balance and track all your transactions, future and past. Unfortunately, with most cryptocurrencies including Ethereum, this is something that can easily be done. This can compromise your privacy and safety and make you a potential target of scammers, hackers and worse.

With Stabilize private accounts, depositors can get one step closer to the real world. They deposit into the account with their deposit note only known to them, then at a later time, can use the note to redeem the deposit amount to another address of their choosing, including receiving ETH amount of their choosing to pay for future transactions. When observers see the withdrawal, they can see that it came from Stabilize accounts but will be unable to determine who the initial depositor was for that withdrawal, thus protecting their safety and privacy.

This is the first and only DeFi yield farming application that builds upon what the Tornado team has designed to help bring more security to stablecoin depositors.

**How to use it:**

To use, simply unlock the account you want to use, either DAI, USDT, USDC. Then, select the amount you want to deposit, either 100 or 1000 stablecoins at a time. You can only deposit these amounts as they become part of an anonymity set. You then generate the note. Each deposit requires a different note and the note is what you will need to use to withdraw. Save it securely like you would a private key and do not share it with any other person including our team. Finally, deposit your stablecoins into the accounts.

When you are ready to withdraw, you enter your saved note into withdraw field and follow the prompts to withdraw. You enter the recipient address and any additional ETH you would like to receive upon withdraw. You can also tip extra to accelerate the time it takes to fulfill your withdraw request.
When you press “Request Withdraw”, a zkSnark proof is created in your browser. This proof and its accessory details are stored on a list of withdraw requests. Anyone can see this list and submit a transaction to the Ethereum blockchain with your proof to earn part of the fee specified in your withdrawal request. In that same transaction, the remaining amount goes to the recipient you specified with the ETH amount requested.

**How does this benefit Stabilize?**

As mentioned earlier, the Stabilize protocol is a platform to help stablecoins keep their pegs. We can even do this with private accounts. The withdrawal fee depends on the price of the underlying stablecoin. Essentially, the higher the price, the lower the fee and vice-versa. This is done to encourage withdrawing and selling of stablecoins that are too plentiful to bring them back down to their peg. Part of this withdrawal fee goes directly into the Stabilize Community Treasury.

## Integrations

### Cover

As we want to bring peace of mind to depositors, we have sought ways to protect our depositors from unexpected events. We recognize that while audits are good, they can only protect depositors on the front-end by exposing smart contract vulnerabilities prior to depositing. They offer, unfortunately, insufficient protection as audits may miss critical vulnerabilities and users may be responsible themselves from recovering from a hack. There have already been cases where audited protocols have been / could have been exploited and user funds drained. Auditors are not responsible for lost funds, so the cost of an oversight is merely reputational. At Stabilize, we want to give depositors more protection.

Enter the Cover Protocol

Cover is a decentralized marketplace where users can buy and sell coverage tokens for a variety of protocols, Stabilize included. It is the catch-all protection for smart contract protocols.

Users can buy coverage tokens on Cover, which are called CLAIM tokens. When the insured period expires without an approved claim, the CLAIM tokens become worthless. If an event does occur (ex: hack, exploit) prior to the end of the insured period, a user can submit a claim that is then evaluated by the Cover protocol ([more information here](https://docs.coverprotocol.com/)). If the claim is approved, each CLAIM token will be worth 1 DAI. This process is similar to how insurance is handled in the real world.

CLAIM tokens typically cost a fraction of the DAI amount redeemable in case of an event. This is due to the fact that events are typically infrequent.
Cover also provides those betting on the success of the protocol an avenue to make money from participating in decentralized insurance. Cover has a NOCLAIM token. These tokens are redeemable 1:1 with DAI when the insured period has expired without an event; however, if an event occurs prior to insurance expiration, NOCLAIM tokens become worthless. Since events are infrequent, these tokens tend to be worth more than CLAIM tokens but less than 1 DAI due to uncertainty. Their condition for redemption are the opposite of CLAIM tokens.

Liquidity providers on Cover are rewarded with trading fees by those buying and selling insurance tokens and they receive COVER tokens by staking their liquidity tokens. Users can simply mint CLAIM and NOCLAIM tokens with DAI, then send those tokens into Balancer liquidity pools to redeem Balancer tokens that can be staked.

#### How do I get insurance for my deposit on Stabilize?

There are a couple ways to get insurance, either by buying CLAIM tokens directly or minting.
**1. Buy CLAIM tokens**
* [Head to the Stabilize page on the Cover Marketplace](https://app.coverprotocol.com/app/marketplace/protocols/STABLIZE)
* Press Buy button for CLAIM token. It will bring you to Balancer pool where you can buy CLAIM with DAI for a fraction of the covered amount.
* You are now covered until the expiration date. If an approved claim occurs prior to that, you can redeem DAI 1:1 with CLAIM token.

**2. Mint CLAIM tokens**
[Head to the Stabilize page on the Cover Marketplace](https://app.coverprotocol.com/app/marketplace/protocols/STABLIZE)
* Press Mint button and stake DAI to receive both CLAIM and NOCLAIM tokens. 1 DAI will return 1 CLAIM and 1 NOCLAIM token.
* Sell NOCLAIM token into Balancer pool to redeem DAI. Now you only have CLAIM tokens.
* You are now covered until the expiration date. If an approved claim occurs prior to that, you can redeem DAI 1:1 with CLAIM token.

#### How do I make money off others seeking insurance?

There are a couple ways, the first way is by providing liquidity and the second is by becoming a coverage provider.

**1. Become a market maker and provide liquidity**
* Head to the Stabilize page on the Cover Marketplace
* Press Mint button and stake DAI to receive both CLAIM and NOCLAIM tokens. 1 DAI will return 1 CLAIM and 1 NOCLAIM token.
* Add to both CLAIM and NOCLAIM Balancer pools to redeem BPT tokens. You will begin to earn trading fees.
* Stake your BPT tokens in Cover’s shield mining program to start earning COVER tokens.

**2. Become a coverage provider**
* Head to the Stabilize page on the Cover Marketplace
* Press Mint button and stake DAI to receive both CLAIM and NOCLAIM tokens. 1 DAI will return 1 CLAIM and 1 NOCLAIM token.
* Sell CLAIM token into the Balancer pool to redeem DAI. Now you only have NOCLAIM tokens.
* Optionally, add to the NOCLAIM Balancer pool to redeem BPT tokens. You will begin to earn trading fees. Stake your BPT tokens in Cover’s shield mining program to start earning COVER tokens.
* At the end of the expiration date, you can redeem DAI 1:1 with your NOCLAIM tokens if there wasn’t an approved claim. You will have earned what you put in plus profit from selling CLAIM tokens.

##### Developing an industry standard
With the introduction of insurance to Stabilize, the protocol is heading towards what will become an industry standard for DeFi yield aggregators. This year has been defined by many protocol hacks and exploits that have made many hesitate to try DeFi and we believe if we can offer depositors with insurance options, we will be closer to what is already standard in the real world.

### Chainlink

Stabilize has completed an integration with market-leading oracle network Chainlink live on mainnet to determine STBZ yield distributions to depositors based on the price movements of various stablecoins, wrapped assets, and seigniorage tokens. The integration involves the use of the Chainlink Price Feed oracles to obtain secure and reliable price data on-chain for the following assets: ETH, sUSD, USDC, USDT, and DAI.

Chainlink is a decentralized oracle network that currently secures over $6 Billion in value across leading blockchain applications, including DeFi protocols like Aave, Synthetix, and now Stabilize. Unlike other oracle options, Chainlink oracles provide manipulation-resistant price feeds, with many levels of data and oracle aggregation to protect Stabilize from flash loan attacks, flash crashes, and any type of downtime or malicious activity from any single node or off-chain data source.

These networks are secured by numerous independent, security-reviewed, and experienced blockchain DevOps teams, which serve to prevent Sybil attacks. Additionally, each Price Feed is accompanied by transparent visualizations based on on-chain activity, which anyone can monitor to audit the performance of individual nodes and the oracle network as a whole.

The Chainlink integration empowers the Stabilize team to continually invent new ways to take advantage of the DeFi market, without having to worry about oracles and price feed manipulation. In addition, the team can take advantage of tools created from other Chainlink technical integrations (such as Graph) to create strategies that can take into account market slippage on-demand before executing certain strategies.

As the real world gets more incorporated into the blockchain world, there will be even greater opportunities that will present themselves. The Stabilize team will explore additional opportunities to leverage the wide range of datasets and oracle functions of the Chainlink Network in order to easily and quickly support new assets and strategies on Stabilize.

### Tornado

Stabilize has integrated privacy protocol Tornado.cash as we believe it can help keep stablecoins fungible and give depositors the ability to keep their stablecoin balances private.

#### Why is this important?
This addition makes Stabilize the premier location to park stablecoins for those who want to maintain the privacy on their deposits. It is very similar to a bank, where you deposit your money into a private account and when you are ready to withdraw, you provide proof of deposit to receive your money back.
In this case, you deposit your stablecoins into a smart contract and receive a note. You will eventually use that note to withdraw the same quantity to an address of your choosing. Observers would be unable to connect your deposit address to your withdraw address.

#### Why not just use Tornado directly?

Tornado currently relies on the usage of relayers to complete withdrawal requests for depositors. Relayers are run by volunteers who maintain servers to process withdrawals. The uptime of these relayers vary and the deployment of a new relayer can be tricky for a novice user.
If all the relayers were unavailable, the depositor must manually withdraw their coins from the contract and potentially lose his/her anonymity.
Stabilize will introduce something called marketplaces, a place where users are incentivized to complete others’ withdrawal requests. This system will not rely on relayers, but rather on users who want to make a quick profit by executing a transaction on behalf of another and earning a withdrawal fee.
Users simply post their withdrawal requests specifying the recipient address of the deposited funds and the fee to the marketplace without spending any gas and other users can execute those withdrawal requests to earn the fee.

#### How does this help stabilize stablecoins?

At the time of withdrawal, a part of the withdraw fee will go to the Stabilize Treasury.

The minimum fee for withdrawing will be a percentage of the stablecoin deposit amount. If the stablecoin that is being withdrawn is below its peg, the fee will higher to withdraw than if the stablecoin is above its peg. This is done to encourage selling of stablecoins that are too scarce to bring them back down to their peg.


### AAVE (ZPA Pools)

The Stabilize Protocol has integrated Aave lending pools to further provide benefit to stablecoin depositors on Stabilize. Depositors will earn interest from their deposits via Aave lending pools while simultaneously earning STBZ rewards for participating in our stablecoin pools. 

There will also be a small withdrawal fee that decreases the longer users stay in the pool. The entire fee will go to the Stabilize Protocol treasury contract whose funds can be redeemed by STBZ holders.

How it works:

On the "Wrap" page, users can deposit tokens directly into the Aave lending pools (zpa pools) and receive wrapped tokens back representing their deposit. They can then deposit these wrapped tokens into one of Stabilize’s pools to start earning STBZ rewards.
When they are ready to redeem their underlying asset, users can withdraw their wrapped tokens from the pool, unwrap them through the website and receive the underlying asset plus interest minus the withdrawal fee.


## Audits
